= motion-testflight

motion-testflight allows RubyMotion projects to easily embed the TestFlight
SDK and be submitted to the TestFlight platform.

== Requirements

* RubyMotion 1.0 or greater (see http://www.rubymotion.com).
* A TestFlight account, can be obtained for free at http://testflightapp.com.

== Installation

  $ sudo gem install motion-testflight

== Setup

1. Download the TestFlight SDK package from https://testflightapp.com/sdk/download/ and unpack it into the +vendor/TestFlightSDK+ directory of your RubyMotion project. Create the +vendor+ directory if it does not exist. You should have something like this.

     $ ls vendor/TestFlightSDK
     README.txt			libTestFlight.a
     TestFlight.h			release_notes.txt

2. Edit the +Rakefile+ of your RubyMotion project and add the following require lines.

     require 'rubygems'
     require 'motion-testflight'

3. Still in the +Rakefile+, set up the +sdk+, +api_token+ and +team_token+ variables in your application configuration block.

     Motion::Project::App.setup do |app|
       # ...
       app.development do
         # ...
         app.testflight do
           app.testflight.sdk = 'vendor/TestFlightSDK'
           app.testflight.api_token = '<insert your API token here>'
           app.testflight.team_token = '<insert your team token here>'
           app.testflight.notify = true # default is false
           app.testflight.identify_testers = true # default is false
         end
       end
     end

   You can retrieve the values for +api_token+ and +team_token+ in your TestFlight account page.

   If you're using Testflight 1.2 or above, you should also add the app_token.
  
      # ...
      app.testflight do
        # ...
        app.testflight.app_token = '<insert your APP token here>'
      end

4. (Optional) You can also set up distribution lists, if needed.

     Motion::Project::App.setup do |app|
       # ...
       app.testflight.distribution_lists = ['CoolKids']
     end

== Usage

motion-testflight introduces a +testflight+ Rake task to your project, which can be used to submit a development build. The +notes+ parameter must be provided, and its content will be used as the submission release notes.

  $ rake testflight notes="zomg!"

== License

  Copyright (c) 2012, Laurent Sansonetti <lrz@hipbyte.com>
  All rights reserved.
  
  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 
  
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
     list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
     and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 
  
  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
  ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
  WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
  DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
  ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
  (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
  LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
  ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
  SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
